feature: add markdownlint as a supported tool CY-4001 (#691)
codacy/docs: docs/repositories-configure/integrations/github-integration.md

    This feature is in early access and has the following limitations for now:

    -   The only supported Git providers are GitHub Cloud and GitHub Enterprise.

>     -   The only two tools that suggest fixes are [ESLint](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/) and [MarkdownLint](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/blob/master/docs/RULES.md). However, we're planning to support suggestions from more tools.

Reviewer: Correct capitalization of markdownlint and fix link for rules reference:

```suggestion
    -   The only two tools that suggest fixes are [ESLint](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/) and [markdownlint](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint/blob/main/doc/Rules.md). However, we're planning to support suggestions from more tools.
```

>     -   The only two tools that suggests fixes are [ESLint](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/) and [MarkdownLint](https://github.com/markdownlint/markdownlint/blob/master/docs/RULES.md). However, we're planning to support suggestions from more tools.

Reviewer: Fix small typo:

```suggestion
    -   The only two tools that suggest fixes are [ESLint](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/) and [MarkdownLint](https://github.com/markdownlint/markdownlint/blob/master/docs/RULES.md). However, we're planning to support suggestions from more tools.
```
